ιο 018 Μῖὶῑ, ἒῑῐῷξ V 1. τελε,
pfomweficaeest}gffestusvvgrssbffmssnifflkss&whatssfifflwss
21>v144f2‚aut-abibecfflffatcproffcdassgfflffisffiss ”W {mg
, fcaucorffit. Caeterfim.quunuh}1÷sssmpssfizwcssfica 2¹53&ae
faimheclliorgpropxiaipfiusaffl«)laessissssfflssffif, 211 Νομίας exio,
12aeexcretiozadquamanimal,zssitagzsplcss2qussm2vssl Μ μ,
{multitudine contentae inipsa mggexffvefigagrfflts
tumvel‘amordacitateconuKelXiturQesfftss'anzinssgrffi
memaks affestns, 1nzerdumimbeessst{a;em{inme
poffunt:praetcreaonmesintgmperaqtiz,prae-5233,-
Qquaesaepenossnnuffiseuemmflffl{cigogssngti
piu'11tur.Adhaec3jschuriaesymptomasppetucffltcssqg
1(ssveyficae,tan{meissndiri3stmm5m:hatetdjuaglquidi‚
quuancircaidquodineasscontinetuzgfflfflakinss ζ ⁷.
testatsspfixmexprimaninterdnmeziaQ9bst1zu=⁰40=in
{ctiorimeacuffutkcrassfisbamszribusssutsikpidtim
mmmaccidicnonassnqvsskssbffluffliffls4¹1⁵} ι Μ
abalioidgcnustumqrcfflupgustisstfffie'ddfflfflg &⁶22ss
micziamomnino obstruaturssciendfissuiffissssssssffl tisim
ueficaeffsedmeiendi mmmsvtlutictiam deum& Mu
meeffinorum‘officiumpenderei.u01u1;cat}§5mpetio. Μ
ijpeveficaeofficiumvnjcum*est,c9;2tra&.i2.,2xt mvn.
musculusquivrinaemcatumincirckssituambkssnod
ginccesumsveficaepostzus‚instrumcmmnsst‚cuius
epusabeleffioneexcitatursinffiemquw:&affloni Mxsoelusud
&vsumhabernmsmzusqquireffiintgffimpgrtcmx nummis,
mamambicproindeipfisresolutisfflefflmaavcfi ἃὲΜωῗΨ
εςηεφεὶυμςίὶεκοτψιείυεκροτεῦςίεάρηετεεγα ἕωφζῖ
amntem,*vtraaepaulatimeffluuntqQarcsuppres mmm
sffissvrinaefierinequitobaffffiumspinae,aufnerudrfi ammaim,
ahffiamfflosmusculos exortorum( qmdmnnuffi Μ
Pfflmnt,credkntesues,1⁶2²0fficium'3i &dumam
¹dex<.)jsedipfiusimoluntat'riacantreciaAtqui mimz
&Qum urinarum ‚tumtxcrmmntum amidae-
&onem‚totamabeleffl0nepmcedere kxiftimatxtcs,
fflufflutisunt‘zficmzfixsijskdiuqsoxtqtfihog

, μ Nun iii

v..a-.-

(st μ
po· ,
M ,
mesti
omaus
ΝΜ

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

